This time, we will talk about optional parameters, but first let's talk about this one.
So the parameter we've added last time to the route is by default are required parameter.
What this means is this route to match it actually has to contain something after the second slash.
So let me show you, if we go to the browser, this works perfectly.
But if I remove the numbers, well, it won't match.
We have 404 not found.
Now, there is also a way to defined a so-called optional parameter so it can either be provided in
the euro or not.
So let's define such route.
Again, we will use their route class starting gate method and we might want to have a route that will
display recent posts.
So a list of all the recent posts and it might have our parameter.
And this would be an optional one called days ago.
So you define an optional parameter exactly the same way as a required one.
But at the end, you are the question mark.
This marks an optional parameter.
Now let's are the function.
As I've said in the last lecture, the names of function arguments do not have to match the names of
root parameters.
That's why I can name it days ago.
And in case with the optional parameters, you should provide a default to your function argument,
as the name suggests, it's optional.
So it might not be provided.
It's good and actually it's necessary to have a default.
So let's say maybe 20.
Now what this root can do, I will just return some static text so it can be posts from I'll concatenate
with days ago and days ago, something like this.
So you might want to use optional root parameters when you want people to be able to specify an argument.
Let's say they would like to see posts from last five days or the last 10 days, but you would like
to have some default value right now.
Let's verify how this works.
So instead of posts, we would now go to resend sorry to recent dush posts.
There it is.
So now we have the default 20, but optionally I can specify a parameter and then it's actually five.
Finally, as I've said a couple of lectures ago, it's a good practice to give all of your roots names.
So let's start with this one.
We will call it posts show.
And this one this one will be called Posts Posts, Recent Index.
Now, those names are not accidental, but I'll get to them later.
Why?
I called them this way.
Finally, let's open the terminal and rerun bipartisan route least.
And now you can see a couple of more routes that we have just defines together with their names.
Of course, it takes a little bit more space.
So I'll zoom out and we can see that clearly.